bpo-26110: Document `CALL_METHOD_KW` (#26159)
python/cpython: Doc/library/dis.rst

   .. versionadded:: 3.7

.. opcode:: CALL_METHOD_KW (argc)

>    Similar to :opcode:`CALL_METHOD` but also supports keyword arguments.
>    Calls a method.  *argc* is the number of positional and keyword arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Calls a method in a similar fashion as :opcode:`CALL_METHOD`, but also supports keyword arguments.
   *argc* is the number of positional and keyword arguments.
```

   This opcode is designed to be used with :opcode:`LOAD_METHOD`.  TOS is a
   tuple of keyword argument names.  Argument values are below that.
   Below them, the two items described in :opcode:`LOAD_METHOD` are on the
   stack (either ``self`` and an unbound method object or ``NULL`` and an

>    arbitrary callable).  All of them are popped and the return value is pushed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   arbitrary callable).  All of them are popped from the stack and the return value is pushed.
```
